website/integrations: Add Semgrep (#10849)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/services/semgrep/index.md

-   `authentik.company.blah` is the FQDN of the authentik install.
-   `devcompany` is the organization name on Semgrep Cloud platform.

## authentik configuration

1. Login into authentik instance as an administrator.
2. Navigate to **Customization** -> **Property mappings**.
3. Create a new SAML property mapping with these parameters:
    - **Name**: `semgrep-name`
    - **SAML Attribute name**: `name`
    - **Expression**: `return request.user.name`
4. Create another SAML property mapping with these parameters:
    - **Name**: `semgrep-email`
    - **SAML Attribute name**: `email`
    - **Expression**: `return request.user.email`
5. Navigate to **System** -> **Certificates**.
6. Generate a new RSA certificate, pick a name.
7. Download the generated certificate, as you will need it later.
8. Create a new SAML provider under **Applications** -> **Providers** using the following settings:
    - **ACS URL**: `https://semgrep.dev/api/auth/saml/devcompany/`
    - **Issuer**: `https://authentik.company`
    - **Audience**: `semgrep-dev`
    - **Service Provider Binding**: `Post`
    - **Signing Keypair**: Select the RSA certificate you have generated previously.

>     - **Property mappings**: Select `semgrep-name` and `semgrep-email` mappings, replacing authentik-provided email and name mappings. Keep other mappings default.

Author: I will remove that. The SAML login worked fine with these two mappings.

---
title: Semgrep
---

<span class="badge badge--secondary">Support level: Community</span>

## What is Semgrep

> **Semgrep**: An application security solution that combines SAST, SCA, and secret detection.
>
> -- https://semgrep.dev

## Preparation

The following placeholders will be used:

-   `authentik.company` is the FQDN of the authentik install.
-   `devcompany` is the organization name on Semgrep Cloud platform.

## authentik configuration

> 1. Login into authentik instance as an administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your authentik instance as an administrator.
```

2. Go to the admin interface.
3. Navigate to **Customization** -> **Property mappings**.
4. Create a new SAML property mapping with these parameters:
    - **Name**: `semgrep-name`
    - **SAML Attribute name**: `name`
    - **Expression**: `return request.user.name`
5. Create another SAML property mapping with these parameters:
    - **Name**: `semgrep-email`
    - **SAML Attribute name**: `email`
    - **Expression**: `return request.user.email`
6. Navigate to **System** -> **Certificates**.
7. Generate a new RSA certificate.
8. Download the generated certificate, as you will need it later.
9. Create a new SAML provider under **Applications** -> **Providers** using the following settings:
    - **ACS URL**: `https://semgrep.dev/api/auth/saml/devcompany/`
    - **Issuer**: `https://authentik.company`
    - **Audience**: `semgrep-dev`
    - **Service Provider Binding**: `Post`
    - **Signing Keypair**: Choose the RSA certificate you generated earlier.
    - **Property mappings**: `semgrep-name` and `semgrep-email`

> 10. Create a new application under **Applications** -> **Applications**, pick a name and a slug, and assign the provider that you have just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Create a new application under **Applications** -> **Applications**, pick a name and a slug, and assign the provider that you just created.
```

> ## Semgrep Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Semgrep configuration
```

Reviewer: Ooops, sorry I missed this one earlier. Can you add it real quick please @Infernogeek1 , then I'll merge.

> 1. Login to Semgrep Cloud platform as an administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to Semgrep Cloud platform as an administrator.
```

2. Click **Settings** on bottom left corner.
3. Navigate to **Access** -> **Login methods**.
4. Locate Single sign-on entry, click **Add SSO configuration**, select **SAML2 SSO** from the drop down.
5. Fill in the following:
    - **Display name**: Anything you like.
    - **Email domain**: `company`
    - **IdP SSO URL**: `https://authentik.company/application/saml/<semgrep slug>/sso/binding/post/`
    - **IdP Issuer ID**: `https://authentik.company`
    - **Upload/paste certificate**: Downloaded from the previous step.

## Verification

> 1. Open an Incaognito window and navigate to `https://semgrep.dev/login`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open an Incognito window and navigate to `https://semgrep.dev/login`
```

2. Click **Use SSO** on the login screen.
3. Enter the email address associated with the domain you provided earlier.

> 4. Login with authentik.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Log in with authentik.
```

> 5. You will be redirected to home screen of Semgrep Cloud platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. You will be redirected to the home screen of Semgrep Cloud platform.
```
